[Music]
but how do we become the Guru that is
very important for sahaja Yogi's to
understand many have felt that they are
gurus they have tried to behave in a
funny manner and have lost their boo
position first and foremost thing for
sahaja Yogi's it is important that they
must have introspection they was foster
if a person runs about changing because
a fashion has come because people have
suppressed them or have asked them just
to please people of cheap values if a
person changes then he cannot be a guru
he has to station its himself properly
on the values of sahaja yoga without
introspection you will not know you will
never remember what you have done wrong
nor will you think of what you have to
do right but that is only possible if
you go on improving yourself when you
are climbing on it into the new part of
righteousness of goodness of compassion
and love you should see yourself watch
yourself what are you doing
where are you going
how far you are stupid you should not
cheat your hair this is the first step
is of introspection now what helps for
this introspection is your sense of love
can you love a person who is distressful
one who is aggressive one who is
hot-tempered one who cheats you can you
love such a person you can then how can
you love yourself when you have these
qualities when you do this to yourself
so the first thing is the pure love for
yourself if you love yourself you don't
want anything because you enjoy yourself
to enjoy yourself is the greatest
enjoyment so this is the beginning of
your self-realization when you realize
how important is yourself you don't have
wrong ideas about it you don't justify
all the wrong thing you do because you
understand that is a blemish on yourself
fix yourself in the most honest manner
and you'll be amazed to see how nice it
is just to see the pure self shining
within you when that cell starts shining
you start seeing many
things which you have not seen so and
one of them you see is that love is not
only for yourself but for everyone it's
a pure love for everyone else it's not
only for yourself it's very surprising
when you really love yourself then your
love is for yourself and you start
spreading that love in such a manner
that you dutifully love others you don't
love for money you don't love for some
advantage for some power or for some
gain but you love for love because pure
love is so joy-giving
so from now we go to other point which
is purity and the purity is a subject
which has been talked about by many
people that you should be pure you
should behave absolutely open and people
should know everything about you I don't
think that is purity purity is that
which purifies others if you are a pure
person then others should be purified
purity is very pardon
it may not act on one or two questions
don't matter there could be some very
very nasty horrible fellows Bernard but
it would have an effect or very many
sensitive persons who want to become
sahaja Yogi's you have to just test it
how people likes you and how they are
impressed by the paramchaitanya is all
pervading power of divine love flows
through you because of you if you are
impure then it will stop at different
chakras it won't work so purity of
temperament purity of love what does
that mean that you love somebody because
that person has got spirituality you
love that person because there is purity
so the character of a yogi is to worship
the purity of your own and the purity of
it is true that we have to face
ourselves every day it's true we have to
correct ourself every day it's true but
we have to separate ourselves from
ourselves to see how far we have done
how far we have gone what are we doing
what have we done so you
call yourselves as gurus if you want I
did not say that you are a guru but you
have to first of all makes yourself your
device must look after yourself first
you have to see for yourself have I got
the qualities am I the one who can
really do all this all this
introspection within you should be with
a very clean heart and understanding
because you are not incarnations which
are born accessible but you are human
beings and you are rising to the level
of those incarnations so you have to
cleanse you have to watch yourself see
for yourself and then understand if you
are a sahaja yogi have you got the
beauty of purity and try to balance
yourself try to watch yourself and guide
yourself and tell yourself become your
own gurus judge yourself how far you are
in the center how far you are growing
how much growth have you achieved
are you still attached to small things
here and there this is to be realized
not to be put in the mind but to be
realized in the heart in the realm of
your heart you have to realize it you
have to understand it
in the realm of your heart negative
[Music]
you